## Personal Statement
### Section 1:
I have enjoyed studying computer science at GCSE and A Level. I am looking forward to specialising into cyber security as that is an area that particularly interests me. The rapidly changing environment and dynamics in the field are captivating and interesting. I became increasingly interested in cyber security during the development of my computer science NEA. Whilst developing a construction progress tracker I was intrigued as to how I could make the system impenetrable to threat actors. This experience helped me to realise my interest in cyber security.
### Section 2:
A-Level Maths and Computer Science have provided a foundation of skills and knowledge for starting university-level Computer Science. I have participated in the Bebras computational thinking competitions three times, achieving two distinctions, and a Merit, as well as two gold awards for finishing in the top 10%. I got into the Oxford University Computing Challenge and received a merit. I have also taken part in the Senior Mathematical Challenge 2024, and achieved a Bronze Certificate. My Computer Science NEA has provided experience dealing with SQL Databases and object oriented programming in high level languages.
### Section 3:
My wide range of experiences outside of the classroom have prepared me for success in cyber security at university. I have been a Cubs leader for 3 years, and have attained the Gold Chief Scout Award. This volunteering and participation has helped advance my teamwork and leadership skills, and shows long-term commitment. I can code in Python, C# and SQL, shown through attending Code Quest in 2023, 2024, and 2025. I have achieved grade 8 on the saxophone and grade 7 on piano, this shows my dedication to mastering complex skills. I am doing my Gold DofE, highlighting determination and teamwork skills.